#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
knitr
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding utf8
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks true
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\pdf_quoted_options "linkcolor=black, urlcolor=blue, citecolor=blue, pdfstartview={FitH}, hyperfootnotes=false, unicode=true"
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plainnat
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
\begin_inset Preview

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
author{Bjorn Van Campenhout
\backslash
thanks{Innovation Policy and Scaling Unit, International Food Policy Research
 Institute, Leuven, Belgium}, Leocardia Nabwire
\backslash
thanks{Innovation Policy and Scaling Unit, International Food Policy Research
 Institute, Kampala, Uganda},
\backslash

\backslash
 Gashaw Tadesse Abate
\backslash
thanks{Markets, Trade and Institutions Unit, International Food Policy Research
 Institute, Kampala, Uganda}, Liesbeth Colen
\backslash
thanks{Department of Agricultural Economics and Rural Development, Georg-August-
University of Göttingen, Germany}}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset

Does cost-sharing increase learning? Experimental evidence from seed trail
 packs in Uganda
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
A popular way to increase adoption of a new technology is by providing the
 technology for free (or greatly reduced price) for a limited period of
 time such that potential users can gain experience with it and share this
 experience with their others.
 However, it is sometimes argued that something that is provided for free
 is less likely to be used for its intended purpose, leading to waste.
 There are three reasons why a positive price may increase use.
 First, a pecuniary cost may serve as a screening mechanism, putting the
 product only in the hands of those that value it.
 Second, a price tag may be interpreted as a signal about the quality of
 the product.
 Third, a mechanism known as the sunk cost effect may be at play where a
 price induces a psychological cost of failing to use the product for its
 intended purpose.
 We design a field experiment that enables us to separate these three effects
 for the case of improved seed varieties and implement it among smallholder
 maize farmers in eastern Uganda.
 We find evidence of economically important screening and sunk-cost effects
 but no consistent evidence of signaling effects.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
Keywords: technology adoption, screening effect, sunk cost effect, signaling.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
JEL: Q16, H24, O33, D91
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Motivation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Prices are ubiquitous in economic transactions.
 In general, prices are key to the efficient allocation of scare resources
 within a society and provide an provide an important incentive for producers.
 But charging a (full) price may not always be optimal for society.
 If a commodity is new, providing it for free or at a discount for a short
 period of time may be necessary to encourage to try out a new product 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "bawa2004effects"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
 Public sector actors may think commercial seed is out of reach of poor
 households and want to kick-start large scale adoption by providing the
 initial investment 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "blackie2005origin"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
 The case for free (or subsidized) inputs also stems from positive externalities
: it is well established that one of the most effective ways to increase
 technology adoption is through peer learning, and both private and public
 partners may attempt to leverage social learning 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "10.1257/aer.100.1.35,https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1468-0297.2006.01115.x"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
 Furthermore, informal seed systems used by farmers often suffer from decades
 of seed degeneration due to recycling of seed introduced during colonial
 times 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "mcguire2016seed"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
 Injecting new seed varieties can be one strategy to improve the overall
 seed stock.
 For instance, public research organizations often invest in open pollinating
 varieties (OPVs) that can be recycled to some extent without losing vigor.
 Income effects, and the fact that the poorest are likely to gain most of
 it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
At the same time, some argue that providing goods or services for free (or
 with a significant subsidy) may lead to wastage.
 Goods obtained for free often remain unused, are resold, or are otherwise
 used in unintended ways.
 High profile examples include the use of free bed-nets for fishing or the
 use of subsidized chlorine for cleaning instead of treating drinking water
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "10.1162/qjec.2010.125.1.1,10.1257/aer.100.5.2383"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There are at least three ways in which charging a positive price may lead
 to increased use.
 The first is a 
\emph on
screening effect
\emph default
, whereby only people who really appreciate the intrinsic value the product
 will acquire it.
 A second is more psychological in nature and conjectures that people are
 prone to
\emph on
 sunk cost effects
\emph default
, and as a result, paying a positive price for something leads one to appreciate
 it more (regardless of whether they really want it or not).
 Finally, prices may also provide a 
\emph on
signaling effect
\emph default
 especially in cases where there is uncertainty about the intrinsic value
 of the product 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "milgrom1986price"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The basic problem is that these effects are conflated in standard observational
 data, as each of these effects assume that if prices rise, so does use.
 Building on the work of 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "10.1257/aer.100.5.2383"
literal "false"

\end_inset

, this paper uses a field experiment designed to disentangle these three
 effects.
 We extend the randomized two-stage pricing design introduced by 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "arkes1985psychology"
literal "false"

\end_inset

 by adding a third stage that allows us to, in addition to the screening
 and sunk cost effects, identify the signaling effect as well.
 In the original two-stage design, study participants are given the opportunity
 to buy a commodity at different prices and in a second stage are given
 a surprise discount.
 Running a regression of product use on the price paid while controlling
 for the discount gives an estimate of the screening effect, while a regression
 of product use on the discount while controlling for price paid provides
 an estimate of the sunk cost effect.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In our design, instead of simply asking farmers to purchase the seed at
 a given price, we provide farmers with the opportunity to buy seed through
 a sequential bargaining game starting from a randomized initial offer price
 that provides the starting point of the negotiations process.
 This procedure gives us a price that can be used to used to estimate (or
 control for) the signaling effect that is different from the price that
 farmers agree upon, the latter which can be used to estimate (or control
 for) the screening effect.
 The last stage in our design remains the same with a surprise discount
 that can be used to estimate (or control for) the sunk cost effect.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There are various reasons why improved seed varieties provide an interesting
 case.
 First, improved seed is an important investment requiring non-negligable
 monetary outlays up front with a noisy return in the future.
 As such, a positive price may act as an important filter Second 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "kremer2019behavioral"
literal "false"

\end_inset

 note that learning about new technologies requires costly experimentation
 and costly attention, and so individuals would benefit from decreasing
 the costs of learning.
 The fact that learning is also costly means the same mechanisms (a screening
 effect and/or a sunk cost effect) may also affect the extent to which farmers
 learn.
 That is, if a seed is valued less because it is provided for free, it may
 also be that farmers put in less effort and complementary investment when
 experimenting, and pay less attention to outcomes.
 Examples include planting subsidized seed on sub-optimal plots or mixing
 subsidized seed with farmer-saved seed, which would make learning harder.
 Finally, improved seed varieties suffer from substantial information asymmetrie
s with respect to quality.
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "10.1162/rest_a_01285"
literal "false"

\end_inset

 find that uncertainty about the quality of the seed leads to reduced labour
 allocation and conclude that the presence of lemon inputs on the market
 for modern inputs impedes learning about the profitability of these inputs.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Our paper extends the literature in various ways.
 special psychological properties to zero financial price and that demand
 may drop precipitously when the price is raised slightly above zero (Ariely
 and Shampan’er 2007; Kremer and Miguel 2007).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The above also suggests that the size of the subsidy and the relative magnitude
 of screening and sunk cost effects are important unknowns when evaluating
 supply interventions to promote seed varietal turnover.
 In this study, we use an intervention that has three treatment arms.
 In one treatment arm, a seed trial pack is provided for free.
 In a second treatment arm, we offer farmers the opportunity to buy seed
 through a sequential bargaining game.
 In a third treatment arm a two stage pricing design is used, where we again
 play the sequential bargaining game to identify the screening effect, and
 then provide a discount to isolate the sunk cost effect.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This document was started as a dynamic report prior to data endline data
 collection.
 It combines latex with R code using the Knitr engine and is tracked under
 revision control on github.
 As such, this 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

mock report
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 will provide a useful reference in evaluating the final results of the
 study 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "humphreys_sanchezdelasierra_vanderwindt_2013,651546"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Methods and experimental design
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To test whether farmers learn differently from seed that was obtained for
 free than if they had to pay a (small) price for it, we use a randomized
 two-stage pricing design to isolate the sunk-cost effect from the screening
 effect 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "10.1257/aer.100.5.2383,10.1162/qjec.2010.125.1.1"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
 In the original designs, subjects are offered a service or good for a particula
r price in a first stage.
 In a second stage, a discount is applied to that price.
 Regressing outcomes (such as whether the product is used for the intended
 purpose) on the price while controlling for the discount gives an estimate
 of the screening effect of the price; regressing outcomes on the discount
 while controlling for the price gives an estimate of the sunk cost effect.
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Is Zero a Special Price? Evidence from Child Health Care (#13) Toshiaki
 Iizuka and Hitoshi Shigeoka
\end_layout

\end_inset

 We will use a slightly different design with three treatment arms, where
 one group gets seed for free, a second group gets to pay for the seed pack,
 and a third group gets to pay but gets a 100 percent surprise discount.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The two stage pricing design consist of a first stage where farmers are
 offered the opportunity to buy a bag of seed from the enumerator in a way
 that is as close as possible as how this happens in a real life setting
 where bargaining is the norm.
 The enumerator follows a standard script.
 An initial ask price is randomly drawn, ranging from 12,000 to 9,000, and
 this price is then presented to the farmer as the price of the bag of seed.
 The enumerator then explains what kind of seed it is and what the advantages
 are.
 The farmer has the option to accept this price or not.
 If the farmer does not accept the ask price, then the farmer is encouraged
 to name his/her first bid price.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A computer algorithm then determines a counter-offer that the enumerator
 asks in a second round of negotiation.
 This new ask price is determined as the farmer's bid price plus 80 percent
 of the difference between the (initial) ask price and the farmer's bid
 price, and this is rounded to the nearest multiple of 500.
 This updated (lower) ask price is then presented to the farmer and the
 farmer gets another opportunity to accept or not.
 If the farmer does not accept, he or she is encouraged to make a second
 bid and a third ask price is determined as the farmer's last bid price
 plus 80 percent of the difference between the last ask price and the farmer's
 last bid price.
 Bargaining continues until the farmer accepts an ask price, or the price
 difference between the bid and ask price is smaller than 500 ugandan shilling,
 in which case the computer instructs the enumerator sell at the last price
 the farmer bids.
 To make the bargaining also incentive compatible for the enumerators, we
 tell them in advance that the money that is collected from farmers during
 this first stage will be divided and distributed equally among all the
 enumerators.
\begin_inset Foot
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
A popular alternative way to measure willingness to pay is a Becker-DeGroot-Mars
chak (BDM) auction.
 In it simplest version, the subject formulates a bid and this bid is compared
 to a price determined by a random number generator.
 If the subject's bid is greater than the price, they pay the price and
 receives the item being auctioned.
 If the subject's bid is lower than the price, they pay nothing and receive
 nothing.
 However, after testing in the field, we found that too many farmers had
 problems comprehending the procedure, struggling especially with the fact
 that they could not bargain over the price.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The second stage of the design involves providing an unexpected discount
 on the price.
 Most pricing designs use a random discount to be included as a continuous
 variable in the regression, or a set of equally spaced discounts.
 The aim of this is often to set optimal subsidy level.
 In our study, we want to maximize power and work with only one discount.
 In particular, half of the farmers that bought seed will get all their
 money back (100 percent discount).
 The decision to use only a single full discount is also due to the fact
 that we expect a discontinuity in the relationship (free versus paying,
 even though it may be only a little) and the fact that we also want to
 maximize sample size for a comparison between the 100 % discount and the
 farmers that get the free seed trial pack.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Treatment assignment will be at the village level, as we want to avoid that
 a control farmer (that gets a bar of soap as a token of gratitude) lives
 right next to a treatment farmer that gets a bag of maize seed for free.
 We will work with 10 farmers per village, which is the maximum our field
 teams can handle.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Estimation and inference
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We will estimate the following equation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
Y_{ij}=\alpha+\beta_{D}T_{ij}^{D}+\varepsilon_{ij}\label{eq:one}
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
Y_{ij}=\alpha+\beta_{P}P_{ij}+\beta_{D}T_{ij}^{D}+\varepsilon_{ij}\label{eq:one-1-1}
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
Y_{ij}=\alpha+\beta_{P}P_{ij}+\beta_{D}P_{ij}*T_{ij}^{D}+\varepsilon_{ij}\label{eq:one-1}
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
where 
\begin_inset Formula $Y_{i}$
\end_inset

is an outcome of interest for farmer 
\emph on
i,
\emph default
 
\begin_inset Formula $T_{i}^{P}$
\end_inset

 is an indicator that takes the value of one if the farmer paid a price
 for the seed (through the bargaining) and 
\begin_inset Formula $T_{i}^{D}$
\end_inset

 indicator that takes the value of one if the farmer paid a price for the
 seed (through the bargaining) and also received a 100 percent discount.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Because we will test for treatment effects on a range of outcome measures,
 we will deal with multiple outcomes and multiple hypotheses testing by
 means of two approaches.
 Firstly, we follow a method proposed by 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "anderson2008multiple"
literal "false"

\end_inset

 and aggregate different outcome measures within each domain into single
 summary indices.
 Each index is computed as a weighted mean of the standardized values of
 the outcome variables.
 The weights of this efficient generalized least squares estimator are calculate
d to maximize the amount of information captured in the index by giving
 less weight to outcomes that are highly correlated with each other.
 Combining outcomes in indices is a common strategy to guard against over-reject
ion of the null hypothesis due to multiple inference.
 However, it may also be interesting to see the effect of the intervention
 on individual outcomes.
 An alternative strategy to deal with the multiple comparisons problem is
 to adjust the significance levels to control the Family Wise Error Rates
 (FWER).
 The simplest such method is the Bonferroni method.
 However, the Bonferroni adjustment assumes outcomes are independent, and
 so can be too conservative when outcomes are correlated.
 We therefore use a Bonferroni adjustment which adjusts for correlation
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "sankoh1997some,aker2016payment"
literal "false"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Results
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

<<code,  echo=FALSE, warning = FALSE, message=FALSE>>=
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

path <- getwd()
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

load(paste(path,"base_balance.Rdata", sep="/"))
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

load(paste(path,"base_balance_bin.Rdata", sep="/"))
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

load(paste(path,"res_tab.Rdata", sep="/"))
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

load(paste(path,"res_tab_bin.Rdata", sep="/"))
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

load(paste(path,"res_tab_pract.Rdata", sep="/"))
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

load(paste(path,"res_tab_char.Rdata", sep="/"))
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

load(paste(path,"res_tab_yield.Rdata", sep="/"))
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

load(paste(path,"res_tab_plan.Rdata", sep="/"))
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

load(paste(path,"res_tab_path.Rdata", sep="/"))
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

load(paste(path,"res_tab_next_season.Rdata", sep="/"))
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

load(paste(path,"res_tab_next_season_bin.Rdata", sep="/"))
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

@
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Baseline balance
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Standard orthogonality tables will be included in the final paper.
 We pre-register 10 variables.
 Half of these are characteristics that are unlikely to be affected by the
 intervention, while the other 5 are picked from the primary and secondary
 endline outcomes listed in the next subsection.
 The following variables will be compared at baseline:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Baseline Balance
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rccccc}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& paid & 100 
\backslash
% discount & free & discount = free & nobs 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-6}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Age of household head - years
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,1,1]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,2,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,1]<.1,"+","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,3,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,1]<.1,"+","")
))}}$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,4,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,1]<.1,"+","")
))}}$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,5,1]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,1,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,2,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,3,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Household head has finished primary education - 1 is yes
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,1,2]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,2,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,2]<.1,"+","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,3,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,2]<.1,"+","")
))}}$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,4,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,2]<.1,"+","")
))}}$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,5,2]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,1,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,2,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,3,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Gender of household head - 1 is male
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,1,3]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,2,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,3]<.1,"+","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,3,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,3]<.1,"+","")
))}}$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,4,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,3]<.1,"+","")
))}}$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,5,3]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,1,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,2,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,3,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Household size
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,1,4]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,2,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,4]<.1,"+","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,3,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,4]<.1,"+","")
))}}$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,4,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,4]<.1,"+","")
))}}$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,5,4]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,1,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,2,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,3,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Distance of homestead to nearest agro-input shop
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,1,5]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,2,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,5]<.1,"+","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,3,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,5]<.1,"+","")
))}}$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,4,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,5]<.1,"+","")
))}}$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,5,5]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,1,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,2,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,3,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Has used quality maize seed on any plot in last season
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,1,6]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,2,6]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,6]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,6]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,6]<.1,"+","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,3,6]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,6]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,6]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,6]<.1,"+","")
))}}$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,4,6]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,6]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,6]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,6]<.1,"+","")
))}}$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,5,6]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,1,6]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,2,6]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,3,6]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Has used the promoted seed (bazooka) on a randomly chosen plot in the last
 season
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,1,7]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,2,7]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,7]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,7]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,7]<.1,"+","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,3,7]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,7]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,7]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,7]<.1,"+","")
))}}$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,4,7]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,7]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,7]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,7]<.1,"+","")
))}}$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,5,7]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,1,7]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,2,7]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,3,7]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Formal seed source 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,1,8]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,2,8]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,8]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,8]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,8]<.1,"+","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,3,8]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,8]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,8]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,8]<.1,"+","")
))}}$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,4,8]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,8]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,8]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,8]<.1,"+","")
))}}$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,5,8]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,1,8]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,2,8]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,3,8]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 &
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

How often was the seed that was used on the randomly selected plot recycled?
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,1,9]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,2,9]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,9]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,9]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,9]<.1,"+","")
))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,3,9]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,9]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,9]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,9]<.1,"+","")
))}}$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,4,9]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,9]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,9]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,9]<.1,"+","")
))}}$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,5,9]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,1,9]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,2,9]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,3,9]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize yields on a randomly chosen plot in last season
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,1,10]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,2,10]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,10]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,10]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,2,10]<.1,"+","
")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,3,10]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,10]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,10]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,3,10]<.1,"+","
")))}}$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,4,10]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,10]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,10]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance_bin[3,4,10]<.1,"+","
")))}}$ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[1,5,10]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,1,10]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,2,10]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance_bin[2,3,10]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Baseline Balance
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rccccc}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& mean & screening & sunk cost & signaling & nobs 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-6}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Age of household head - years
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,1,1]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,2,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,2,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,2,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,2,1]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,3,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,3,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,3,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,3,1]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,4,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,4,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,4,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,4,1]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,5,1]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,1,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,2,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,3,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,4,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Household head has finished primary education - 1 is yes
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,1,2]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,2,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,2,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,2,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,2,2]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,3,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,3,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,3,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,3,2]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,4,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,4,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,4,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,4,2]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,5,2]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,1,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,2,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,3,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,4,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Gender of household head - 1 is male
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,1,3]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,2,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,2,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,2,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,2,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,3,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,3,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,3,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,3,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,4,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,4,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,4,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,4,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,5,3]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,1,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,2,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,3,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,4,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Household size
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,1,4]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,2,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,2,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,2,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,2,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,3,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,3,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,3,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,3,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,4,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,4,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,4,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,4,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,5,4]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,1,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,2,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,3,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,4,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Distance of homestead to nearest agro-input shop
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,1,5]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,2,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,2,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,2,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,2,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,3,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,3,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,3,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,3,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,4,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,4,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,4,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,4,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,5,5]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,1,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,2,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,3,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,4,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Has used quality maize seed on any plot in last season
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,1,6]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,2,6]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,2,6]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,2,6]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,2,6]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,3,6]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,3,6]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,3,6]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,3,6]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,4,6]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,4,6]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,4,6]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,4,6]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,5,6]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,1,6]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,2,6]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,3,6]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,4,6]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Has used the promoted seed (bazooka) on a randomly chosen plot in the last
 season
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,1,7]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,2,7]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,2,7]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,2,7]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,2,7]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,3,7]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,3,7]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,3,7]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,3,7]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,4,7]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,4,7]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,4,7]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,4,7]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,5,7]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,1,7]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,2,7]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,3,7]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,4,7]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Formal seed source 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,1,8]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,2,8]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,2,8]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,2,8]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,2,8]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,3,8]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,3,8]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,3,8]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,3,8]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,4,8]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,4,8]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,4,8]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,4,8]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,5,8]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,1,8]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,2,8]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,3,8]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,4,8]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

How often was the seed that was used on the randomly selected plot recycled?
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,1,9]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,2,9]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,2,9]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,2,9]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,2,9]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,3,9]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,3,9]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,3,9]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,3,9]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,4,9]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,4,9]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,4,9]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,4,9]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,5,9]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,1,9]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,2,9]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,3,9]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,4,9]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize yields on a randomly chosen plot in last season
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,1,10]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,2,10]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,2,10]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,2,10]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,2,10]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,3,10]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,3,10]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,3,10]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,3,10]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,4,10]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(base_balance[3,4,10]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(base_balance[3,4,10]<.05,"*",ifelse(base_balance[3,4,10]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[1,5,10]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,1,10]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,2,10]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,3,10]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & (
\backslash
Sexpr{base_balance[2,4,10]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Binary analysis
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In this part, we simply compare the outcomes between three groups: 1) farmers
 who paid a positive price for the seed trial pack; 2) farmers who paid
 a positive price for the seed trial pack but received the seed for free
 anyway due to a 100 percent surprise discount; and 3) farmers that received
 the seed trial pack for free and did not participate in the bargaining
 experiment.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Trial pack use
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A first set of outcomes we consider is related to the use of the seed trial
 pack.
 Not only did we check if the seed was planted, but we also consider if
 the trial pack was used in a way that facilitates learning.
 For instance, if the seed from the trial pack was mixed with other seed,
 it will be more difficult for farmers to observe differences in eg yield
 of the promoted seed variety compared to other seed.
 Furthermore, a plot layout whereby the seed from the trial pack is planted
 next to a plot that was planted with another (local) seed variety will
 facilitate comparison throughout the growing and harvesting cycle.
 Similarly, if the maize obtained from the trial pack is kept separate after
 harvest, differences in eg post harvest losses or market value may become
 more salient.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Effects-on-Use-binary"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 shows that more than 95 percent of farmers that paid a positive price for
 the trial pack planted the seed in the first season of 2023.
 There is no difference in seed use with the group that received a 100 percent
 cash-back.
 In the group that did not negotiate over the seed but was simply given
 it for free, the likelihood that the seed from that trial pack was planted
 is 2.5 percentage points higher that in the group that paid a positive price
 for the trial pack, and the difference is significant at the 10 percent
 level.
 However, results need to be interpreted with caution given the limited
 variation in the outcome variable.
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Our pre-analysis plan specifies that questions for which 95 percent of observati
ons have the same value within the relevant sample will be omitted from
 the analysis.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
About 90 percent of households that paid a positive price for the trial
 pack did not mix the seed with other seed.
 This share increases to 95 percent in the group that got the seed for free
 without bargaining, and the different with the first group is significant
 the 5 percent level.
 The likelihood of not mixing the seed in this group is also significantly
 higher than in the second group where farmers also received the trial pack
 for free, but after going through the negotiation process.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
About a third of the households that paid for the trial pack planted the
 seed in close proximity to a plot with local seed.
 This share is again significantly higher for the group of farmers that
 just received the seed trial pack without being taken through the bargaining
 process.
 Similar to the likelihood of not mixing the seed above, there is no difference
 between the groups that got a surprise discount after negotiating and those
 that did not get the discount.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Finally, we test if there are differences between groups with respect to
 the likelihood that maize derived from the seed trial pack is kept separate
 during and post harvest.
 Maize derived from the seed trial pack is kept separate post harvest by
 almost 60 percent of households that paid the agreed price.
 This share increases if the seed was provided for free; in the group that
 was take through the negotiation and then received the discount, this share
 increases to almost 70 percent.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Use of trial seed
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:Effects-on-Use-binary"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rccccc}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& paid & 100 
\backslash
% discount & free & discount = free & nobs 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-6}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

used trail pack as seed
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[1,1,1]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[1,2,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,2,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,2,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,2,1]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[1,3,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,3,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,3,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,3,1]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[1,4,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,4,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,4,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,4,1]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[1,5,1]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[2,1,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[2,2,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[2,3,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

did not mix seed with other seed
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[1,1,2]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[1,2,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,2,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,2,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,2,2]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[1,3,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,3,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,3,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,3,2]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[1,4,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,4,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,4,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,4,2]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[1,5,2]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[2,1,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[2,2,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[2,3,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

field layout improved next to local seed
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[1,1,3]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[1,2,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,2,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,2,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,2,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[1,3,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,3,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,3,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,3,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[1,4,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,4,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,4,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,4,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[1,5,3]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[2,1,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[2,2,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[2,3,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

kept produce from improved separate from local during and post harvest
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[1,1,4]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[1,2,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,2,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,2,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,2,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[1,3,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,3,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,3,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,3,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[1,4,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,4,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,4,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,4,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[1,5,4]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[2,1,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[2,2,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[2,3,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Index
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[1,1,5]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[1,2,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,2,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,2,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,2,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[1,3,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,3,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,3,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,3,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[1,4,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,4,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,4,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_bin[3,4,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[1,5,5]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[2,1,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[2,2,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_bin[2,3,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Overall, we do not find that farmers that paid a positive price for the
 seed used it more or in ways that facilitate learning more than farmers
 that did not pay a price for it.
 In fact, results point towards the opposite, where farmers that paid a
 positive price are actually less likely to have used the seed trial pack
 in ways that would optimize learning.
 This seems to be particularly the case when the group that paid a positive
 price is compare to farmers that were simply given the seed for free, and
 this is confirmed by the significant positive effect for this group on
 the index.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Adoption and outcomes in subsequent season
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We now look at differences in behavior between the three farmer groups that
 may result from differential use and learning from the seed trial pack.
 The primary objective of a seed trial pack is to increase adoption of the
 promoted seed (or of seed of an improved variety in general) in subsequent
 seasons.
 The ultimate aim of promoting improved seed varieties is increase maize
 yields.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Effects-in-subsequent-bin"
plural "false"
caps "false"
noprefix "false"

\end_inset

 shows that about 22 percent of farmers that paid the price arrived at after
 bargaining have used seed of an improved variety in the season following
 the season that they used the trial pack.
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
We define seed of an improved variety as a fresh hybrid or an OPV that has
 not been recycled more than four times.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
The seed usage measure referenced here applies to a plot chosen randomly
 from within the farm household.
 During endline, we asked farmers to enumerate all maize plots they cultivated
 and one plot was randomly selected on which detailed information was collected.
 However, for key outcomes such as seed use, we collected information on
 all plots.
 As most farmers cultivated only one or two plots, defining the outcome
 in terms of seed use on at least one plots leads results that are very
 similar.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 This share reduces to about 14 percent for farmers that got the seed trial
 pack for free without participating in the bargaining experiment and this
 difference is significant at the 5 percent level.
 In the group that received a full discount after negotiation, the share
 of adopters is similar to the group that did not receive the discount.
 If we define adoption more narrowly as the use of fresh seed of the promoted
 variety in the season following the try-out, we see that only about 11
 percent of farmers that paid a positive price adopts.
 Also here, adoption in the group did not negotiate is lower, but the difference
 is significant at 10 percent only.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In addition to adoption as a binary variable, we consider quantity of improved
 seed used on a randomly selected maize plot within the household.
 We see that this is about 1 kilograms in households that paid a positive
 price for the seed trial pack.
 For households that participated in the bargaining, this increases to about
 1 kilogram.
 Differences with the first group are significant at the 10 percent level.
 To look at the intensive margin, we also compare seed use per acre.
 Seed use per acre in the control group is about 3 quarters of a kilo.
 Especially in the group that participated in the bargaining experiment
 and was then provided with a discount, seed use per acre is significantly
 higher.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Finally, we look at production (expressed in kilograms of maize) on the
 randomly selected plot and also scale by area of the selected plot.
 Farmers that received the seed trial pack for free produced about 280 kilograms
 on the randomly selected plot, corresponding to about 350 kg per acre.
 Production is significantly higher in the groups that participated in the
 bargaining.
 Productivity in the group that received the discount was particularly high.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Effects in subsequent season
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:Effects-in-subsequent-bin"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rccccc}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& paid & 100 
\backslash
% discount & free & discount = free & nobs 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-6}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

used improved seed on random plot
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,1,3]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,2,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,2,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,2,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,
2,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,3,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,3,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,3,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,
3,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,4,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,4,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,4,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,
4,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$ & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,5,3]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[2,1,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[2,2,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[2,3,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

used bazooka seed on random plot
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,1,4]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,2,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,2,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,2,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,
2,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,3,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,3,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,3,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,
3,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,4,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,4,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,4,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,
4,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$ & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,5,4]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[2,1,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[2,2,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[2,3,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Quantity of seed
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,1,5]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,2,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,2,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,2,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,
2,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,3,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,3,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,3,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,
3,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,4,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,4,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,4,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,
4,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$ & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,5,5]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[2,1,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[2,2,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[2,3,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Quantity of seed/acre
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,1,6]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,2,6]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,2,6]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,2,6]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,
2,6]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,3,6]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,3,6]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,3,6]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,
3,6]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,4,6]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,4,6]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,4,6]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,
4,6]<.1,"+","")))}}$ & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,5,6]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[2,1,6]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[2,2,6]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[2,3,6]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Production
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,1,7]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,2,7]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,2,7]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,2,7]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,
2,7]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,3,7]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,3,7]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,3,7]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,
3,7]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,4,7]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,4,7]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,4,7]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,
4,7]<.1,"+","")))}}$ & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,5,7]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[2,1,7]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[2,2,7]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[2,3,7]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Productivity
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,1,8]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,2,8]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,2,8]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,2,8]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,
2,8]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,3,8]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,3,8]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,3,8]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,
3,8]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,4,8]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,4,8]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,4,8]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,
4,8]<.1,"+","")))}}$ & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,5,8]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[2,1,8]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[2,2,8]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[2,3,8]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Index
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,1,9]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,2,9]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,2,9]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,2,9]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,
2,9]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,3,9]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,3,9]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,3,9]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,
3,9]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,4,9]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,4,9]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,4,9]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season_bin[3,
4,9]<.1,"+","")))}}$ & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[1,5,9]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[2,1,9]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[2,2,9]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season_bin[2,3,9]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Overall, we find higher adoption of improved seed varieties and as a result
 higher production, among farmers that participated in the bargaining.
 This suggests that for actual behavior change, it is important that farmers
 learn about the value of seed (eg through a signaling effect emanating
 from the initial offer price or some other psychological process whereby
 the bargaining made valuation more salient to the farmer).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Learning and attention
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Remembers getting/buying seed at midline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Pathways
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rccccc}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& free & 100 
\backslash
% discount & paid & discount = paid & nobs 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-6}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Attention: remembers seed type correctly
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,1,1]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,2,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,1]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,3,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,1]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,4,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,1]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,5,1]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,1,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,2,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,3,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,4,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Attention: remembers producer
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,1,2]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,2,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,2]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,3,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,2]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,4,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,2]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,5,2]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,1,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,2,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,3,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,4,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Valuation: price in shop
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,1,3]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,2,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,3,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,4,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,5,3]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,1,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,2,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,3,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,4,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Valuation: price bought
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,1,4]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,2,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,3,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,4,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,5,4]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,1,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,2,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,3,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,4,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Index
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,1,5]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,2,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,3,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,4,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,5,5]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,1,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,2,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,3,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,4,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: price bought only on subset of farmers that paid positive price -
 not included in index.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Remembers price at midline (yes/no)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Difference between price paid and what is recalled
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Recalls seed type at midline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Recalls producer at midline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Remembers getting/buying seed at endline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Remembers price at endline (yes/no)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Difference between price paid and what is recalled
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Recalls seed type at endline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Recalls producer at endline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Effects on Use of trial seed
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rccccc}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& mean & screening & sunk cost & signaling & nobs 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-6}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

used trail pack as seed
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[1,1,1]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[1,2,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab[3,2,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab[3,2,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab[3,2,1]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[1,3,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab[3,3,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab[3,3,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab[3,3,1]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[1,4,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab[3,4,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab[3,4,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab[3,4,1]<.1,"+","")))}}$ & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[1,5,1]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[2,1,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[2,2,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[2,3,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[2,4,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

did not mix seed with other seed
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[1,1,2]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[1,2,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab[3,2,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab[3,2,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab[3,2,2]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[1,3,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab[3,3,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab[3,3,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab[3,3,2]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[1,4,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab[3,4,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab[3,4,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab[3,4,2]<.1,"+","")))}}$ & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[1,5,2]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[2,1,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[2,2,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[2,3,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[2,4,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

field layout improved next to local seed
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[1,1,3]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[1,2,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab[3,2,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab[3,2,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab[3,2,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[1,3,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab[3,3,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab[3,3,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab[3,3,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[1,4,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab[3,4,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab[3,4,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab[3,4,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$ & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[1,5,3]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[2,1,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[2,2,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[2,3,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[2,4,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

kept produce from improved separate from local during and post harvest
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[1,1,4]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[1,2,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab[3,2,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab[3,2,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab[3,2,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[1,3,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab[3,3,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab[3,3,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab[3,3,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[1,4,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab[3,4,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab[3,4,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab[3,4,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$ & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[1,5,4]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[2,1,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[2,2,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[2,3,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[2,4,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Index
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[1,1,5]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[1,2,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab[3,2,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab[3,2,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab[3,2,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[1,3,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab[3,3,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab[3,3,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab[3,3,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[1,4,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab[3,4,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab[3,4,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab[3,4,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$ & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[1,5,5]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[2,1,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[2,2,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[2,3,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab[2,4,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Effects on Inputs and Agronomic practices
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rccccc}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& mean & screening & sunk cost & signaling & nobs 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-6}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Followed recommended seed spacing and seed rate 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,1,1]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,2,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,2,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,2,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,2,1]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,3,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,3,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,3,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,3,1]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,4,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,4,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,4,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,4,1]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,5,1]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,1,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,2,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,3,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,4,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used organic fertilizer 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,1,2]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,2,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,2,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,2,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,2,2]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,3,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,3,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,3,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,3,2]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,4,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,4,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,4,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,4,2]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,5,2]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,1,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,2,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,3,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,4,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used inorganic fertilizer (dap or urea)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,1,3]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,2,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,2,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,2,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,2,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,3,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,3,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,3,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,3,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,4,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,4,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,4,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,4,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,5,3]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,1,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,2,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,3,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,4,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used chemicals
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,1,4]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,2,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,2,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,2,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,2,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,3,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,3,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,3,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,3,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,4,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,4,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,4,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,4,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,5,4]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,1,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,2,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,3,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,4,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Gap filling
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,1,5]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,2,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,2,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,2,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,2,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,3,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,3,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,3,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,3,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,4,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,4,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,4,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,4,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,5,5]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,1,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,2,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,3,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,4,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Number of times weeding
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,1,6]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,2,6]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,2,6]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,2,6]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,2,6]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,3,6]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,3,6]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,3,6]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,3,6]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,4,6]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,4,6]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,4,6]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,4,6]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,5,6]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,1,6]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,2,6]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,3,6]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,4,6]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Timely planting
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,1,7]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,2,7]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,2,7]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,2,7]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,2,7]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,3,7]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,3,7]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,3,7]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,3,7]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,4,7]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,4,7]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,4,7]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,4,7]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,5,7]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,1,7]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,2,7]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,3,7]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,4,7]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Index
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,1,8]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,2,8]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,2,8]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,2,8]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,2,8]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,3,8]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,3,8]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,3,8]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,3,8]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,4,8]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,4,8]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,4,8]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_pract[3,4,8]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[1,5,8]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,1,8]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,2,8]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,3,8]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_pract[2,4,8]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Effects on assessment of characteristics
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rccccc}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& mean & screening & sunk cost & signaling & nobs 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-6}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Seed had higher yields that expected 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,1,1]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,2,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_char[3,2,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_char[3,2,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_char[3,2,1]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,3,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_char[3,3,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_char[3,3,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_char[3,3,1]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,4,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_char[3,4,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_char[3,4,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_char[3,4,1]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,5,1]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[2,1,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[2,2,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[2,3,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[2,4,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Seed was more drought tolerant than expected 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,1,2]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,2,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_char[3,2,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_char[3,2,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_char[3,2,2]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,3,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_char[3,3,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_char[3,3,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_char[3,3,2]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,4,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_char[3,4,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_char[3,4,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_char[3,4,2]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,5,2]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[2,1,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[2,2,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[2,3,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[2,4,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Seed more pest/disease resistant than expected 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,1,3]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,2,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_char[3,2,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_char[3,2,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_char[3,2,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,3,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_char[3,3,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_char[3,3,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_char[3,3,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,4,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_char[3,4,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_char[3,4,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_char[3,4,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,5,3]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[2,1,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[2,2,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[2,3,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[2,4,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Seed germinated better than expected 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,1,4]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,2,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_char[3,2,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_char[3,2,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_char[3,2,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,3,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_char[3,3,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_char[3,3,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_char[3,3,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,4,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_char[3,4,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_char[3,4,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_char[3,4,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,5,4]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[2,1,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[2,2,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[2,3,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[2,4,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

In general, was happy with the seed 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,1,5]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,2,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_char[3,2,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_char[3,2,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_char[3,2,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,3,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_char[3,3,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_char[3,3,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_char[3,3,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,4,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_char[3,4,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_char[3,4,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_char[3,4,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,5,5]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[2,1,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[2,2,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[2,3,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[2,4,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Index
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,1,6]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,2,6]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_char[3,2,6]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_char[3,2,6]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_char[3,2,6]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,3,6]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_char[3,3,6]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_char[3,3,6]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_char[3,3,6]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,4,6]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_char[3,4,6]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_char[3,4,6]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_char[3,4,6]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[1,5,6]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[2,1,6]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[2,2,6]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[2,3,6]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_char[2,4,6]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Effects on yield
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rccccc}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& mean & screening & sunk cost & signaling & nobs 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-6}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

overall area
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,1,1]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,2,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,2,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,2,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,2,1]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,3,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,3,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,3,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,3,1]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,4,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,4,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,4,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,4,1]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,5,1]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[2,1,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[2,2,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[2,3,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[2,4,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

overall production
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,1,2]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,2,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,2,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,2,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,2,2]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,3,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,3,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,3,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,3,2]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,4,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,4,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,4,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,4,2]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,5,2]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[2,1,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[2,2,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[2,3,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[2,4,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

overall yield
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,1,3]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,2,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,2,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,2,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,2,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,3,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,3,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,3,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,3,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,4,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,4,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,4,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,4,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,5,3]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[2,1,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[2,2,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[2,3,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[2,4,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

trial plot area
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,1,4]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,2,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,2,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,2,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,2,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,3,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,3,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,3,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,3,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,4,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,4,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,4,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,4,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,5,4]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[2,1,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[2,2,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[2,3,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[2,4,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

trial plot production
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,1,5]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,2,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,2,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,2,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,2,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,3,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,3,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,3,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,3,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,4,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,4,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,4,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,4,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,5,5]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[2,1,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[2,2,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[2,3,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[2,4,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

trial plot yield
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,1,6]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,2,6]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,2,6]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,2,6]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,2,6]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,3,6]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,3,6]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,3,6]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,3,6]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,4,6]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,4,6]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,4,6]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,4,6]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,5,6]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[2,1,6]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[2,2,6]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[2,3,6]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[2,4,6]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

index
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,1,7]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,2,7]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,2,7]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,2,7]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,2,7]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,3,7]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,3,7]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,3,7]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,3,7]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,4,7]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,4,7]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,4,7]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_yield[3,4,7]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[1,5,7]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[2,1,7]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[2,2,7]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[2,3,7]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_yield[2,4,7]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Effects on plans
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rccccc}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& mean & screening & sunk cost & signaling & nobs 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-6}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

planning to use improved seed?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[1,1,1]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[1,2,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,2,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,2,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,2,1]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[1,3,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,3,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,3,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,3,1]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[1,4,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,4,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,4,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,4,1]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[1,5,1]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[2,1,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[2,2,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[2,3,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[2,4,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

planning to use bazooka?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[1,1,2]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[1,2,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,2,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,2,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,2,2]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[1,3,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,3,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,3,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,3,2]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[1,4,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,4,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,4,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,4,2]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[1,5,2]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[2,1,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[2,2,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[2,3,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[2,4,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

acre planned under new seed (acre)?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[1,1,3]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[1,2,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,2,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,2,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,2,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[1,3,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,3,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,3,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,3,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[1,4,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,4,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,4,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,4,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[1,5,3]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[2,1,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[2,2,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[2,3,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[2,4,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

already bought improved seed for next season?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[1,1,4]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[1,2,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,2,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,2,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,2,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[1,3,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,3,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,3,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,3,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[1,4,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,4,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,4,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,4,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[1,5,4]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[2,1,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[2,2,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[2,3,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[2,4,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

index
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[1,1,5]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[1,2,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,2,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,2,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,2,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[1,3,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,3,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,3,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,3,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[1,4,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,4,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,4,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_plan[3,4,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[1,5,5]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[2,1,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[2,2,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[2,3,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_plan[2,4,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Pathways
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rccccc}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& mean & screening & sunk cost & signaling & nobs 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-6}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Attention: remembers seed type correctly
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,1,1]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,2,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,1]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,3,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,1]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,4,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,1]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,5,1]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,1,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,2,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,3,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,4,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Attention: remembers producer
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,1,2]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,2,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,2]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,3,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,2]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,4,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,2]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,5,2]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,1,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,2,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,3,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,4,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Valuation: price in shop
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,1,3]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,2,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,3,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,4,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,3]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,5,3]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,1,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,2,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,3,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,4,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Valuation: price bought
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,1,4]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,2,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,3,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,4,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,4]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,5,4]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,1,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,2,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,3,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,4,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Index
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,1,5]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,2,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,2,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,3,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,3,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,4,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_path[3,4,5]<.1,"+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[1,5,5]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,1,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,2,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,3,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_path[2,4,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: price bought only on subset of farmers that paid positive price -
 not included in index.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Effects in subsequent season
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rccccc}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& mean & screening & sunk cost & signaling & nobs 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-6}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

used improved seed on any plot?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,1,1]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,2,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,2,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,2,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,2,1]<.1,"
+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,3,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,3,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,3,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,3,1]<.1,"
+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,4,1]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,4,1]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,4,1]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,4,1]<.1,"
+","")))}}$ & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,5,1]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,1,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,2,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,3,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,4,1]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

used fresh bazooka on any plot?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,1,2]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,2,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,2,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,2,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,2,2]<.1,"
+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,3,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,3,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,3,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,3,2]<.1,"
+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,4,2]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,4,2]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,4,2]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,4,2]<.1,"
+","")))}}$ & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,5,2]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,1,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,2,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,3,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,4,2]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

used improved seed on random plot
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,1,3]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,2,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,2,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,2,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,2,3]<.1,"
+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,3,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,3,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,3,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,3,3]<.1,"
+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,4,3]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,4,3]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,4,3]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,4,3]<.1,"
+","")))}}$ & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,5,3]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,1,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,2,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,3,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,4,3]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

used bazooka seed on random plot
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,1,4]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,2,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,2,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,2,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,2,4]<.1,"
+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,3,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,3,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,3,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,3,4]<.1,"
+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,4,4]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,4,4]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,4,4]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,4,4]<.1,"
+","")))}}$ & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,5,4]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,1,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,2,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,3,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,4,4]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Quantity of seed
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,1,5]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,2,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,2,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,2,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,2,5]<.1,"
+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,3,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,3,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,3,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,3,5]<.1,"
+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,4,5]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,4,5]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,4,5]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,4,5]<.1,"
+","")))}}$ & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,5,5]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,1,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,2,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,3,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,4,5]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Quantity of seed/acre
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,1,6]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,2,6]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,2,6]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,2,6]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,2,6]<.1,"
+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,3,6]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,3,6]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,3,6]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,3,6]<.1,"
+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,4,6]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,4,6]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,4,6]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,4,6]<.1,"
+","")))}}$ & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,5,6]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,1,6]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,2,6]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,3,6]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,4,6]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Production
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,1,7]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,2,7]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,2,7]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,2,7]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,2,7]<.1,"
+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,3,7]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,3,7]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,3,7]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,3,7]<.1,"
+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,4,7]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,4,7]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,4,7]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,4,7]<.1,"
+","")))}}$ & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,5,7]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,1,7]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,2,7]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,3,7]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,4,7]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Productivity
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,1,8]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,2,8]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,2,8]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,2,8]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,2,8]<.1,"
+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,3,8]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,3,8]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,3,8]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,3,8]<.1,"
+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,4,8]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,4,8]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,4,8]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,4,8]<.1,"
+","")))}}$ & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,5,8]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,1,8]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,2,8]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,3,8]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,4,8]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Index
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,1,9]}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,2,9]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,2,9]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,2,9]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,2,9]<.1,"
+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,3,9]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,3,9]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,3,9]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,3,9]<.1,"
+","")))}}$
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,4,9]}$^{
\backslash
Sexpr{ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,4,9]<.01,"**"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	,ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,4,9]<.05,"*",ifelse(res_tab_next_season[3,4,9]<.1,"
+","")))}}$ & 
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[1,5,9]} 
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,1,9]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,2,9]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,3,9]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

& (
\backslash
Sexpr{res_tab_next_season[2,4,9]})
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Ethical clearance
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This research received clearance form Makerere's School of Social Sciences
 Research Ethics Committee (MAKSSREC 01.23.627/PR1) as well as from IFPRI
 IRB (DSGD-23-0108).
 The research was also registered at the Ugandan National Commission for
 Science and Technology (SS1657ES).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Transparency and replicability
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To maximize transparency and allow for replicabiliy, we use the following
 strategies:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
pre-analysis plan: in the past, a document was prepared that provides an
 ex-ante step-by-step plan setting out the hypothesis we will test, the
 intervention we will implement to test these hypotheses, the data that
 will be collected and specifications we will run to bring the hypotheses
 to the data.
 This pre-analysis plan was pre-registered at the AEA RCT registry.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
revision control: the entire project will be under revision control (that
 is time stamped track changes) and committed regularly to a public repository
 (github).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
mock report: This document provides a pre-registered report that was added
 to the AEA RCT registry and GitHub.
 This report differs from the pre-analyisis plan in that it already has
 the tables filled with simulated data.
 The idea is that after the endline, only minimal changes are necessary
 (basically connecting a different dataset) to obtain the final result,
 further reducing the opportunity of specification search.
 In the near future as data comes in, this report will be updated on github.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Acknowledgments
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We acknowledge support from the University of Göttingen, Department of Agricultu
ral Economics and Rural Development.
 Additional support was provided by the CGIAR Research Program on Policies,
 Institutions, and Markets (PIM), the CGIAR Seed Equal Research Initiative,
 and the CGIAR Market Intelligence Research Initiative which are funded
 by contributors to the CGIAR Fund (https://www.cgiar.org/funders/).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset bibtex
LatexCommand bibtex
btprint "btPrintCited"
bibfiles "seed_free_or_not"
options "IFPRI_Style"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
